the citizen tv is the image of
government of the citizen revolution
Welcome
friends and friends welcome to a new
delivery of his program the citizen tv
this time we broadcast from the
guayasamín foundation in quito- we are
in the house art museum built by
initiative of the Ecuadorian painter
Oswaldo Guayasamin in homage to being
human later we will share them
other information of interest of this site
representative of the Ecuadorian culture
Meanwhile we present the
headlines our results of the
itinerant cabinet developed in
gonzalo pizarro in succumbs besides 34
heritage houses were restored
in gualey province of loja and in pastaza
the first cultural assembly was held
citizen we will tell you what it is about
we started the canton gonzalo pizarro in
the province of sucumbíos welcomed the
president rafael belt ministers and
Secretaries of State during the
itinerant cabinet with the
local and provincial authorities
addressed issues related to development
of the locality electricity services
basic education and safety are
some of the works that has come
working the national government in this
sector northeast of the equator with the
purpose of contributing to the improvement
of the quality of life of the inhabitants
from cantón gonzalo pizarro the government
national has worked in works
significant for the locality
one of them the construction of
hydroelectric project
coca-elbow-sinclair located between
provinces of napo and succumbs that
represents an investment of
approximately 2 billion
dollars and will be put into operation in
2016 with this contribution
coca-eldo-sinclair strengthens its work
for the development of populations
settled in the area of ​​influence of the
draft
we as coca codo-sinclair are
a support entity and through the
coordination
of the plans, programs and projects that
have in this case the ministries and
the decentralized autonomous governments
but we just have to base our
execution in the planning that is
generated by these institutions in addition
in the canton the system was implemented
of drinking water in 2008 financed
by the ministry of the environment with a
investment of more than one million 950 thousand
dollars providing safe water to the
citizens of the sector took
to places where before they had no water
potable this is for the aranza sector
with the southern part of stars
increased the coverage that in the part
of urban and also part of rural what
that if they have been given a socialization
also what is the quality of the water
or from where you see how are the
physicochemical parameters of water
how it reaches each of our sites
of each of many houses another of the
government works was to implement
security cameras in sectors
strategic providing the town
greater protection thanks to the service of
security 911 the province of sucumbíos
It has 50 surveillance cameras
normal type absolutely nothing had not
no security including the police
two policemen if they did not have
vehicles had no means of
communication was extremely difficult
day for the security that we have today
today we have the military gentlemen who
are a few kilometers from here we have
also the police with the equipment
now far 991 that is a big advantage
for us for citizenship to
feel calm
most of the citizens are of
agreement very much thanks also
enough to the authorities that have done
possible these cameras that are
providing a lot of help for the
citizen protection during the cabinet
ministerial of the central government in the
city ​​of lumbaquí the president rafael
belt next to vice president Jorge
glass ministerial authorities and
local authorities conducted a
monitoring and evaluated the works that
run in the province of succumbs
contributing with integral solutions for
continue with the development of the
Location with pictures of edgar
Dominguez
belinda land the citizen tv
it's time for a commercial break but
we remind you that if you have taken
photographs with president rafael
belt can download them by entering
the page www.presidencia.gov.ar and giving
click on the banner your photo with the
President
When you return from the break, know the
educational unit of the new millennium
rockfight that becomes the tenth
second establishment of this type in
the ecuadorian amazon